How to find session recordings quickly (#4591)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/filter-session-recordings.md

Searching for actions or events in PostHog is similar to building a query in PostHog insights — all you have to do is use the filter builder on the left of the screen to define what sort of actions or events you’re looking for. 
Once you have filtered the recordings to a smaller, more relevant list then you can search within individual recordings to find the specific moment when an event occurs. In fact, there are a few ways to find the specific event you’re looking for!

![global filter off](../images/tutorials/session-recordings/recording-filter-off.png)

The easiest way to focus in on a particular action that you’ve created a filter for is to use the toggle labeled ‘Only show matching events’. This will remove all events which don’t match your global filter from both the timeline and the event list, changing the view from the above, to the below. 

![global filter on](../images/tutorials/session-recordings/recording-filter-on.png)

Alternatively, you may prefer to search for an event which _doesn’t_ match a global filter — in which case you use the search events field to find other events within the current recording. 

### How to filter based by feature flags

> If you use feature flags in PostHog then you can also filter recordings by the flag variant shown to a user. This can be helpful if, for example, you want to compare user behavior between flag variants. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use feature flags in PostHog, you can also filter recordings by the flag variant shown to a user. This can be helpful if, for example, you want to compare user behavior between flag variants. 
```

![filter persons recordings](../images/tutorials/session-recordings/filter-persons-recordings.png)

As before, you can then search within a specific recording to find the event you’re interested in. 

### How to filter recordings based on device, location or OS
Often, you’ll want to combine several persons filters with events filters so that you can, for example, find users who completed a specific action on Mac OS, or called a particular feature flag within the UK. 

![quick filters](../images/tutorials/session-recordings/quick-filters-recordings.png)

In such instances you may want to build filters based on device, OS, location or browser with a single click. That’s why we built the quick filter options which you can see on each entry in the recent recordings column — simply click a matching icon to filter for similar recordings. 

## How to filter recordings by date and time

The final way to filter recordings is chronologically, based on the time or date that an recording was captured. This can be especially powerful for products where users behavior is influenced by the time of year, such as a B2C marketplace that runs seasonal sales.

> PostHog also enables you to filter recordings based on the overall duration of an engagement. This is useful if you need to find recordings based where users are highly engaged and interact with your app for extended periods — or where engagements are brief, perhaps due to UX issues. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog also enables you to filter recordings based on the overall duration of a session. This is useful if you need to find recordings based where users are highly engaged and interact with your app for extended periods — or where engagements are brief, perhaps due to UX issues. 
```

![filter recording by time](../images/tutorials/session-recordings/filter-recordings-time.png)

In either case, you can filter recordings using the date and time controls at the top right of the recordings page. 

## Further reading

> Session recordings in PostHog are an especially powerful tool for users such as support engineers, product designers and product managers who need context on the details of user behavior. To find out more about session recordings, including how to [prevent PostHog from capturing sensitive user information](/manual/recordings#ignoring-sensitive-elements), check [the session recording docs](/manual/recordings). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session recordings in PostHog are powerful tool for users such as support engineers, product designers and product managers who need context on the details of user behavior. To find out more about session recordings, including how to [prevent PostHog from capturing sensitive user information](/manual/recordings#ignoring-sensitive-elements), check [the session recording docs](/manual/recordings). 
```
